
What is a service worker
A Service worker is basically a script (JavaScript file) that runs in the background,
separate from a web page and provides features that don't need a web page or user interaction. 
Some of the major features of service workers are Rich offline experiences(offline first web application development), periodic background syncs, push notifications, intercept and handle network requests and programmatically managing a cache of responses.
⬆ Back to Top

How do you manipulate DOM using a service worker
Service worker can't access the DOM directly. But it can communicate with the pages it controls by responding to messages sent via the postMessage interface, and those pages can manipulate the DOM.

⬆ Back to Top

How do you reuse information across service worker restarts
The problem with service worker is that it gets terminated when not in use, and restarted when it's next needed, so you cannot rely on global state within a service worker's onfetch and onmessage handlers. In this case, service workers will have access to IndexedDB API in order to persist and reuse across restarts.

⬆ Back to Top

What is IndexedDB
IndexedDB is a low-level API for client-side storage of larger amounts of structured data, including files/blobs. This API uses indexes to enable high-performance searches of this data.

⬆ Back to Top


What is web storage
Web storage is an API that provides a mechanism by which browsers can store key/value pairs locally within the user's browser, in a much more intuitive fashion than using cookies. The web storage provides two mechanisms for storing data on the client.

Local storage: It stores data for current origin with no expiration date.
Session storage: It stores data for one session and the data is lost when the browser tab is closed.
⬆ Back to Top

What is a post message
Post message is a method that enables cross-origin communication between Window objects.(i.e, between a page and a pop-up that it spawned, or between a page and an iframe embedded within it). Generally, scripts on different pages are allowed to access each other if and only if the pages follow same-origin policy(i.e, pages share the same protocol, port number, and host).